# IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
-    Descriptions of circuits, software and other related information in this document are provided only to illustrate the operation of semiconductor products and application examples. You are fully responsible for the incorporation of these circuits, software, and information in the design of your equipment.  pernicious-flier assumes no responsibility for any losses incurred by you or third parties arising from the use of these circuits, software, or information.

-   pernicious-flier has used reasonable care in preparing the information in this document, but  pernicious-flier does not warrant that such information is error free.  pernicious-flier assumes no liability whatsoever for any damages incurred by you resulting from errors in or omissions from the information included herein.

-   pernicious-flier does not assume any liability for infringement of patents, copyrights, or other intellectual property rights of third parties by or arising from the use of  pernicious-flier projects or technical information described herein. No license, express, implied or otherwise, is granted hereby under any patents, copyrights or other intellectual property rights of  pernicious-flier or others.

-   You should not alter, modify, copy, or otherwise misappropriate any  pernicious-flier project, whether in whole or in part.  pernicious-flier assumes no responsibility for any losses incurred by you or third parties arising from such alteration, modification, copy or otherwise misappropriation of pernicious-flier projects.

-    pernicious-flier projects are neither intended nor authorized for use in products or systems that may pose a direct threat to human life or bodily injury (artificial life support devices or systems, surgical implantations etc.), or may cause serious property damages (nuclear reactor control systems, military equipment etc.). You must check the quality grade of each pernicious-flier project  before using it in a particular application. You may not use any  pernicious-flier projects for any application for which it is not intended.  pernicious-flier shall not be in any way liable for any damages or losses incurred by you or third parties arising from the use of any  pernicious-flier projects for which the product is not intended by Seeed Studio.

-   You should use the  pernicious-flier projects described herein within the range specified by  pernicious-flier, especially with respect to the maximum rating, operating supply voltage range, movement power voltage range, heat radiation characteristics, installation and other product characteristics.  pernicious-flier shall have no liability for malfunctions or damages arising out of the use of  pernicious-flier projects beyond such specified ranges.

-    Although  pernicious-flier endeavors to improve the quality and reliability of its projects, semiconductor products have specific characteristics such as the occurrence of failure at a certain rate and malfunctions under certain use conditions. Further,  pernicious-flier projects are not subject to radiation resistance design. Please be sure to implement safety measures to guard them against the possibility of physical injury, and injury or damage caused by fire in the event of the failure of a  pernicious-flier projects, such as safety design for hardware and software including but not limited to redundancy, fire control and malfunction prevention, appropriate treatment for aging degradation or any other appropriate measures. Because the evaluation of microcomputer software alone is very difficult, please evaluate the safety of the final products or systems manufactured by you.

-   Please use  pernicious-flier projects in compliance with all applicable laws and regulations that regulate the inclusion or use of controlled substances, including without limitation, the EU RoHS Directive.  pernicious-flier assumes no liability for damages or losses occurring as a result of your noncompliance with applicable laws and regulations.

-    pernicious-flier projects and technology may not be used for or incorporated into any products or systems whose manufacture, use, or sale is prohibited under any applicable domestic or foreign laws or regulations. You should not use  pernicious-flier projects or technology described in the board design files for any purpose relating to military applications or use by the military, including but not limited to the development of weapons of mass destruction. When exporting the  pernicious-flier projects or technology described in this document, you should comply with the applicable export control laws and regulations and follow the procedures required by such laws and regulations.

-   It is the responsibility of the user or distributor of pernicious-flier projects, who distributes, disposes of, or otherwise places the product with a third party, to notify such third party in advance of the contents and conditions set forth in this document,  pernicious-flier assumes no responsibility for any losses incurred by you or third parties as a result of unauthorized use of  pernicious-flier projects.
